Husband, why did you chase me for so long?
It's okay. It's okay.
The fireworks are starting, let's go
Everyone eat and drink, have fun and have fun
Hey husband
It was Miss Shen who helped me save you just now.
Shall we go over and have a drink with him?
No.
He'll be right back.
Tomorrow, take out the gift.
See you soon, Miss Shen
You give me spirituality
Can you climb the big tree of the Shen family?
It depends on your performance today.
Grandma, don't worry.
You won't be disappointed, hahaha.
grandma
You took out all the neighborhood heirlooms
Grandma takes out this thing, Miss Shen will definitely like it
The neighbor is singing
Just around the corner hahaha
waste
Why are you laughing?
I laugh at your ignorance
grandma
You'd better put this away quickly
Shen Han said he didn't like it
Really?
You mean you have a better gift than grandma?